A family walks into a talent agency. It's a father, mother, son, daughter and dog. The father says to the talent agent, "We have a really amazing act. You should represent us."

The agent says, "Sorry, I don't represent family acts. They're a little too cute."

The mother says, "Sir, if you just see our act, we know you would want to represent us."

The agent says, "OK. OK. I'll take a look."

Immediately the father removes his clothing revealing a massive penis fully erect. The daughter goes over and places his balls in her mouth as the massive cock continues to grow. The mother removes her clothing and the son begins to suck on her pussy. She moves over toward father, who is cock slapping the daughter so hard she has a bloody nose, and brings out a large funnel. 
The tip is about a half an inch in diameter and the shaft about 8 inches long. While the daughter eats the balls, Mom shoves the funnel into dad's cock hole. She then backs up toward it while the son continues to munch on her twat. She squats over the funnel and releases a huge torrent of diarrhea. 
As she fills the funnel, dad's balls begin to swell, soon the size of large coconuts. Mom yanks out the funnel and shoves it down the son's equally impressive member. Once again she sends a river of runny shit into the funnel swelling the son's nuts to the size of casaba melons. 
Once done She starts furiously sucking on the son's cock while the daughter does the same to dad. The both suck hard, deep and fast until both cocks spew forth a tremendous fountain of come and diarrhea. Mom and sis take the massive loads in the mouth slurping down almost every vile drop. What they don't eat the faithful dog does, licking the floor clean. As the father and son finally finish there horrific display, mom and daughter stand up and wipe their mouths and reveal twin shit eating grins, They all in unison look at the agent and say, "Taa Daaa!"

For the longest time, the agent just sits in silence. Finally, he manages, "That's a hell of an act. What do you call it?"

And the father says, "The Aristocrats!"
